Add v7 breaking changes documentation (BREAKING_CHANGES_v7.md) (#3487)
SciML/OrdinaryDiffEq.jl: BREAKING_CHANGES_v7.md

| **Polyester.jl** (direct dep) | Moved to weak dep `OrdinaryDiffEqCorePolyesterExt`; requires `using Polyester` to activate | Polyester loads a nontrivial amount of threading infrastructure. Users who don't enable Polyester-threaded solvers no longer pay for it |
| **StaticArrays.jl** (direct dep) | `SVector`/`MVector` in tableaus replaced with `NTuple`/`Vector`; SA moved to test-only | Loading StaticArrays forces compilation of a large generated-function surface for every solver that mentions an `SVector`. Tableaus used them for constants, which `NTuple` expresses just as statically |

---

## DiffEqBase changes

DiffEqBase is now a sublibrary under `lib/DiffEqBase` (migrated from standalone package). Key changes:

- `has_destats` re-export removed (function removed from SciMLBase v3 — use `has_stats`)
- `RECOMPILE_BY_DEFAULT` re-export removed (unused)
- `fastpow` deprecation removed — use `FastPower.fastpower`
- `DEStats` deprecation removed — use `SciMLBase.DEStats`
- `concrete_solve` deprecation removed — use `solve` directly
- `FunctionWrappersWrapper` wrapping updated for new LinearSolve precs interface

> **Why migrate DiffEqBase into the monorepo:** it's tightly coupled to OrdinaryDiffEq's internals and was never consumed independently of it; keeping them in lockstep releases eliminates a compatibility-bound class of bugs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Why migrate DiffEqBase into the monorepo:** it's tightly coupled to OrdinaryDiffEq's internals and most features were only available through OrdinaryDiffEq; keeping them in lockstep releases eliminates a compatibility-bound class of bugs.
```
